src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:32:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:32:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:33:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'recepient'
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:33:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:33:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:34:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'authToken'
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:34:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:34:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:35:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'sender'
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:35:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:35:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:36:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'alarmValue'
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:36:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:36:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:38:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:38:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:42:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:42:	Parameter 'intent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:43:	Avoid variables with short names like pm
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:43:	Local variable 'pm' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:44:	Avoid variables with short names like wl
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:44:	Local variable 'wl' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:50:	Local variable 'ifilter' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:53:	Local variable 'level' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:54:	Local variable 'scale' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:56:	Local variable 'batteryPct' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:58:	Local variable 'prefs' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:72:	Local variable 'editor' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:80:	Local variable 'editor' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:86:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:87:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:96:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:98:	Avoid variables with short names like am
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:98:	Local variable 'am' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:99:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:99:	Local variable 'i' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:100:	Avoid variables with short names like pi
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:100:	Local variable 'pi' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:103:	Local variable 'prefs' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:104:	Local variable 'prefsEditor' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:110:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:112:	Local variable 'intent' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:113:	Local variable 'sender' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:114:	Local variable 'alarmManager' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:117:	Local variable 'prefs' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:118:	Local variable 'prefsEditor' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:124:	Local variable 'props' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:131:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:136:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:136:	Parameter 'oauthToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:136:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:136:	Parameter 'userEmail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:137:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:138:	Local variable 'transport' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:139:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:140:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:141:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:143:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:145:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'response' (lines '145'-'146').
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:145:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:153:	Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:153:	Parameter 'messageBody' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:153:	Parameter 'subject' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:156:	Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:160:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:162:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:164:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:168:	Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:168:	Parameter 'messageBody' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:168:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:168:	Parameter 'subject' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:169:	Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:181:	Overriding method merely calls super
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:181:	Overriding method merely calls super
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:183:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:187:	Overriding method merely calls super
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:187:	Overriding method merely calls super
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:187:	Parameter 'aVoid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:193:	Parameter 'messages' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:195:	Local variable 'transport' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:198:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:199:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/Alarm.java:200:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/AlarmService.java:10:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/AlarmService.java:10:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/AlarmService.java:18:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/AlarmService.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/AlarmService.java:25:	super should be called at the end of the method
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/AlarmService.java:29:	Parameter 'intent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/AsyncResult.java:7:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/AutoStart.java:11:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/AutoStart.java:11:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/AutoStart.java:14:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/AutoStart.java:14:	Parameter 'intent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/AutoStart.java:16:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/AutoStart.java:18:	Local variable 'prefs' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/AutoStart.java:19:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/AutoStart.java:20:	Avoid excessively long variable names like intentForAlarmService
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/AutoStart.java:20:	Local variable 'intentForAlarmService' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:34:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'session'
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:34:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:34:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:35:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'authToken'
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:35:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:35:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:36:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'recepient'
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:36:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:36:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:37:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'sender'
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:37:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:37:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:38:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'alarmValue'
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:38:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:38:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:46:	Local variable 'cal' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:47:	Local variable 'curTime' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:48:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'curTime'
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:52:	Local variable 'props' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:59:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:64:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:64:	Parameter 'oauthToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:64:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:64:	Parameter 'userEmail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:65:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:66:	Local variable 'transport' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:67:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:68:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:69:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:73:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'response' (lines '73'-'74').
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:81:	Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:81:	Parameter 'messageBody' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:81:	Parameter 'subject' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:84:	Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:87:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:89:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:91:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:95:	Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:95:	Parameter 'messageBody' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:95:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:95:	Parameter 'subject' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:96:	Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:108:	Overriding method merely calls super
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:108:	Overriding method merely calls super
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:110:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:114:	Overriding method merely calls super
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:114:	Overriding method merely calls super
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:114:	Parameter 'aVoid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:120:	Parameter 'messages' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:122:	Local variable 'transport' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:125:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:126:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:127:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:136:	Parameter 'intent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:140:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:142:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:144:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:145:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:147:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:147:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:152:	Local variable 'mTimer' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:153:	Local variable 'batteryTask' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:158:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:161:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:166:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:174:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:193:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:194:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:199:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:200:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:200:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/BatteryStatePullService.java:207:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/ContactListLoader.java:14:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'context'
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/ContactListLoader.java:14:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/ContactListLoader.java:14:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/ContactListLoader.java:15:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'delegate'
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/ContactListLoader.java:15:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/ContactListLoader.java:15:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/ContactListLoader.java:18:	Parameter 'params' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/ContactListLoader.java:21:	Local variable 'contactList' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/ContactListLoader.java:23:	Avoid variables with short names like cr
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/ContactListLoader.java:23:	Local variable 'cr' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/ContactListLoader.java:25:	Local variable 'cur' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/ContactListLoader.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/ContactListLoader.java:28:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/ContactListLoader.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/ContactListLoader.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/ContactListLoader.java:30:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/ContactListLoader.java:30:	Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/ContactListLoader.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/ContactListLoader.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/ContactListLoader.java:32:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'name' (lines '32'-'32').
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/ContactListLoader.java:32:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'name' (lines '32'-'60').
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/ContactListLoader.java:32:	Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/ContactListLoader.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/ContactListLoader.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/ContactListLoader.java:36:	Local variable 'emailCur' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/ContactListLoader.java:39:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/ContactListLoader.java:41:	Local variable 'email' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/ContactListLoader.java:44:	Local variable 'emailTypeNum' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/ContactListLoader.java:47:	Local variable 'emailType' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/ContactListLoader.java:49:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/ContactListLoader.java:49:	Local variable 'cstCnt' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/ContactListLoader.java:64:	Parameter 'result' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/ContactListLoader.java:68:	Parameter 'emailTypeNum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/ContactListLoader.java:69:	Switch statements should have a default label
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/ContactListLoader.java:71:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/ContactListLoader.java:73:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/ContactListLoader.java:75:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/ContactListLoader.java:77:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:18:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'mInflater'
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:18:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:18:	Private field 'mInflater' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:19:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:19:	Perhaps 'activity' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:19:	Private field 'activity' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:20:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:20:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'cntArrList'
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:20:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:21:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:21:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:22:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:24:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:24:	Avoid variables with short names like a
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:24:	Parameter 'a' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:24:	Parameter 'items' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:39:	Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:45:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:46:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:47:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:53:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:90:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:93:	Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:94:	Local variable 'results' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:104:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:109:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'constraintString' (lines '109'-'129').
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:111:	Local variable 'values' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:112:	Local variable 'count' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:114:	Local variable 'newValues' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:117:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:117:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:125:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:133:	Parameter 'constraint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:133:	Parameter 'results' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:135:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:140:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:153:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'convertView'
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:153:	Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:169:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'holder' (lines '169'-'184').
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:174:	Local variable 'cnt' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:176:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:176:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:177:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:177:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:178:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAdapter.java:178:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAutoCompleteView.java:9:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAutoCompleteView.java:14:	Parameter 'attrs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAutoCompleteView.java:14:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAutoCompleteView.java:19:	Parameter 'attrs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAutoCompleteView.java:19:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAutoCompleteView.java:19:	Parameter 'defStyle' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomAutoCompleteView.java:27:	Local variable 'filterText' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomContact.java:5:	Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomContact.java:6:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomContact.java:6:	Private field 'name' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomContact.java:7:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomContact.java:7:	Private field 'email' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomContact.java:8:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomContact.java:8:	Private field 'type' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomContact.java:10:	Avoid variables with short names like e
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomContact.java:10:	Avoid variables with short names like n
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomContact.java:10:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomContact.java:10:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomContact.java:10:	Parameter 'n' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/CustomContact.java:10:	Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:43:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:43:	Too many fields
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:45:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MAX_PERCENTAGE_VALUE
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:46:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MIN_PERCENTAGE_VALUE
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:47:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CUR_PERCENTAGE_VALUE
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:49:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REQUEST_AUTHORIZATION
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:53:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:55:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:55:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:57:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'prgrBar'
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:57:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:57:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:58:	Avoid excessively long variable names like fieldPercentageAlarm
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:58:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:59:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:59:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:62:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:62:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:63:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'spnrAccnt'
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:63:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:63:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:65:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'textSender'
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:65:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:65:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:66:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'textRecepient'
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:66:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:66:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:67:	Avoid excessively long variable names like textPercentageAlarm
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:67:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'textPercentageAlarm'
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:67:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:69:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:69:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:71:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'tvPercentage'
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:71:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:72:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'tvSetPercentage'
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:72:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:72:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:73:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'tvCustomMessages'
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:73:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:73:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:74:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'tvConnected'
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:74:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:74:	Perhaps 'tvConnected' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:76:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:78:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:78:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:78:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:79:	Avoid excessively long variable names like contactListAdapter
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:79:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:79:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:84:	Avoid excessively long variable names like savedInstanceState
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:84:	Parameter 'savedInstanceState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:117:	Local variable 'adapter' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:131:	Overriding method merely calls super
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:131:	Overriding method merely calls super
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:138:	Avoid unused private methods such as 'setTglBtnServiceSetCheck(ToggleButton)'.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:138:	Parameter 'tglBtn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:142:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'service' (lines '142'-'146').
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:143:	Local variable 'manager' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:144:	Local variable 'service' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:144:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:147:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:148:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:155:	Local variable 'mAccountManager' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:156:	Local variable 'accounts' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:156:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:166:	Parameter 'menu' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:168:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:174:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'textInToast'
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:174:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:174:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:175:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:175:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:184:	Parameter 'result' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:190:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:194:	Local variable 'preferences' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:196:	Local variable 'editor' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:198:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:199:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:200:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:201:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:202:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:209:	Parameter 'params' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:210:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'token' (lines '210'-'214').
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:211:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'newToken' (lines '211'-'219').
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:214:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:219:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:221:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:223:	Avoid statements in a catch block that invoke accessors on the exception without using the information
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:224:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:224:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:225:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:230:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:230:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:231:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:233:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:240:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:240:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:242:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:247:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:247:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:249:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:250:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:251:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:251:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:259:	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:259:	Parameter 'requestCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:259:	Parameter 'resultCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:263:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:270:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tglBtnServiceListener
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:270:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:270:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:270:	Private field 'tglBtnServiceListener' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:273:	Parameter 'buttonView' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:274:	Parameter 'isChecked' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:276:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:277:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:282:	Local variable 'intent' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:291:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'cntPickerListener'.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:291:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:291:	Private field 'cntPickerListener' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:294:	Avoid variables with short names like v
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:294:	Parameter 'v' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:295:	Local variable 'intent' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:301:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:301:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:301:	Private field 'onConnectListener' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:304:	Avoid variables with short names like v
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:304:	Parameter 'v' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:305:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:311:	Avoid excessively long variable names like btrLvlPickerListener
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:311:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:311:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:311:	Private field 'btrLvlPickerListener' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:314:	Avoid variables with short names like v
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:314:	Parameter 'v' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:315:	Local variable 'linearLayout' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:317:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:318:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:319:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:321:	Local variable 'params' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:322:	Local variable 'numPicerParams' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:323:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:325:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:326:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:328:	Avoid excessively long variable names like alertDialogBuilder
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:328:	Local variable 'alertDialogBuilder' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:329:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:330:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:335:	Parameter 'dialog' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:336:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:336:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:344:	Parameter 'dialog' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:345:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:345:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:349:	Local variable 'alertDialog' could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:349:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:350:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:357:	Parameter 'cntList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/de/kraflapps/apps/batteryalarm/MainActivity.java:362:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'contactsArray' (lines '362'-'363').
